Rin：NOO!!
Rin：...Unit 10!?
OPCII_0584_X：... You must... go...
Rin：Unit 10! What are you doing!?
OPCII_0584_X：I... can't control... my body...
OPCII_0584_X：p-p-p-protocol... commands...
Rin：... What are you saying...?
OPCII_0584_X："Half-Awakened"... cannot throw off the control of...
OPCII_0584_X：their protocol... this is what... the Blessed said...
OPCII_0584_X：Protocol... commands... have become very strange...
OPCII_0584_X：kill all... humans... and Architects...
Rin：Stop! You're going to be destroyed!
OPCII_0584_X：This way... I... won't be able to see...
OPCII_0584_X：please... leave... while I still can...
Rin：...*sob*...
OPCII_0584_X：... You must... live...
OPCII_0584_X：......!?
Rin：I don't... want to run away anymore.
Rin：Before I came here... I planned on ending my life.
Rin：I lost Katsuya... Lost Dad, Mom... I...
OPCII_0584_X：Rin...! Your... your vital signs...
OPCII_0584_X：we must... get medical attention...
Rin：I don't... want to go anywhere.
Rin：Please... Don't let me lose you too...
Rin：... So warm...
Rin：Wah… your body...
Rin：isn't cold at all...
OPCII_0584_X：Rin...! ... *sob*...